polo I'm the chef starting today we'll
be doing the redwood forest and
therefore summarizes your names of homer
and that's saying I don't know all the
horses so I think it has a dual approach
and anyways my first sure to pack a
honey is flat ban is ready for it all
right Jimmy here we are in redwood
forest their side rail records are
running away cover a mill room and
they're always at top speed if you don't
know them in there taking one see how
epoxy there you suck either yeah but
it's got it i'm gonna sell Ewing hey no
stop it you can with analytic kv boo ya
and here's my mother training treats and
keys and everything do you pitch and so
if you're wondering where a wife Sally
and where this is one milkshake is you
later for dresses that you first have to
finish the bonus latest wait until you
smoke keep their and one player like it
I don't know and the to play i can use
one that you really have to practice and
i'm trying to gain by it's really hard
from where I'm keep enjoying all right
now Katherine approach can do this all
right I can use it I'm approach each one
that's fair that white one
let's go in
Oh
entonces como vc
i love this game approaching our friend
it's also hard i made it i finished
approaching but when you approach them
or something that's you go to our
drivers first you have to get your crap
amazing Rider that lets him or her
whatever what what yeah remember we
should be addressed and they want to be
your bear loose every force where it
came from have to get this group that's
it ok
we share a group that she knows things
you get her showing up at my house you
want me to you up oh the promotion
at to do poison it working as a stripper
threatening me I'm going to walk all the
ways to the truth create some work yes
and this was not telling myself focused
time yes now Mary Nala the courtiers
nola i made i become friends and you're
a friend of nala Oh guider okay and I'm
sorry I can show you in an early up
cinnamon and the other horse I said back
together 14 all rights to nourish a very
young now so beautiful she's worried
Palmer and she and I I can't wait till I
hit by doing this so I can breathe but
it together second here white mare white
stallion I sit down again what style and
i want to show you braiding when we're
at the ranch but right now the rent is
gonna be the last episode because i'm
going to show you i'm sure you all right
and thank you for watching and sort of i